suckin Buddhas he clearly belongs to the
Academy of intimidation harmony and the
plough Lane crazy gang confounded
pundits for years with their ability to
cause upsets wherever they went
Jones has always trodden a fine line
between controlled aggression and
illegality where stands goalkeeper new
deck McCosker was just one to experience
what Jones cause a bit of clunk if you
could take one memory away with you one
of the comfy ones were unfortunately his
confrontations with authority are both
legion and legend this incident with
neem subsequently led to him walking out
on French football on another infamous
occasion his description of the French
national manager landed him in deeper
trouble said Emile the translations not
polite Orry Michel never picked him
again it's funny innit
sometimes we forget a just a man I'm not
enough
I am come to know
England gave us a great deal to admire
the image of the week was Terry Butcher
England's blood-stained captain in stock
it wasn't all love and kisses though I
think you always thought that it's kind
of a powder keg waiting to explode and I
seen him step all over Gareth Southgate
in a league game and literally thin even
bat an eyelid and he was just on the
verge of being crazy he's tough and
scary and kind of like Vinnie Jones with
actual soccer ability former England
international Stuart Pearce or psycho as
he was known during his playing days for
the unforgiving style he made famous it
not even forest even Roy Keane a madman
himself on the field called Pearce a man
amongst boys honestly if Boyd keen is
saying that about you you were
definitely one crazy
pretty damn good light